Welcome to the World of Warcraft Raiding Paladin Crash Course.
In this video, you'll learn what you need to do
to begin with a retaliatory paladin at level 90.
The damage rotation of Retribution generates and consumes Holy Power.
Like all paladins, the tamer has a mana bear, but he should
Do not worry too much. Concentrate only on your Holy Power.
Before the fight you should activate blessing of power.
That's a pretty big boost to your mastery,
which means a pretty big increase in your damage.
You should also activate Seal of Truth - another source of damage
for your melee attacks.
In combat you should use Crusader Strike as often as possible,
followed by Judgment and Exorcism.
Each of these abilities generates one point of Holy Power,
So try to always keep it in the cooldown.
Remember that your automatic attacks sometimes complete the cooldown of exorcism,
what you are informed with a notification.
You can also use Hammer of Wrath if your target falls below 20% health,
which also creates Holy Power and causes a lot of damage.
When you have achieved 3 Holy Power, you can spend it for judgment of the Templar.
This is your most powerful attack.
There is much more to learn to master your paladin,
but we hope this first insight will get you on the right track.
Once you have mastered the basics,
look at your spellbook, your talents and glyphs,
to get to know even more skills.
Thank you for watching! See you at Draenor.